Okay, so there are two ways to hire a developer.
The first option is to work with someone for equity and under the agreement
that okay,
we both put an equal effort and we get equal outcomes and you run product, iron
marketing,
etc, etc.
This is pretty easy to do with Slator Core, which is my personal Discord server
and I will
recommend this just because I follow everyone that watches my YouTube channel
to my Discord.
So there's a lot of app guys in there and I'll show you it right now.
Like this is the Finder Co-founder chat that I recommend typing in.
So as you can see, I'm looking for a marketing co-founder, a 75% split, well,
whatever, like
you kind of see it as a lot of engagement, a lot of traffic.
So it's worth a chance and you can say something like this, looking for a dev
to go 50-50
on an app with, I'll be a marketing killer.
I build the Art Market course and I'm extremely focused on being successful
with this.
I have a ton of ideas and I'm ready to go all in, EME on this jump on a call.
So for example, you can copy this message, go into my Discord, post it and you
will at
least get like a few replies.
But you might have to hustle and post a few different times and try and find
someone.
But we have 1,100 people in here.
Everyone is super motivated and at that.
I'm sure you can find one single individual that is technical and that would
love to
what could be.
And I would mention you bought the course because that is a really positive
sign that
you're putting your money upfront because you want to invest in yourself, like
it's
a massive green flag.
And then like here, linked right here is best at equity to protect yourself.
Something that I've learned and I've learned too late and some of a bunch of my
friends
are even Blake and Zach, they learned too late.
We brought people on for equity that a long term didn't provide any value and
it fucked
us all.
So now there are like lawsuits, there's complications and like it's not worth
that headache.
So setting up a best at equity agreement is very important.
I don't know too much about it but I just know it's really important so I would
recommend
going to this link and figuring out a good structure for both of you.
A little personal note as well is when I started Quitter for the first time
with Connor, I
built all the app and we tried to work out an equity agreement or he tried to
work out
an equity agreement but I was like fuck that.
I don't want to agree to any sort of equity until we both prove ourselves to
each other.
Like for example, I built the app, he was running marketing but he couldn't run
marketing until
I built the app.
So I put an all the upfront effort so like him taking 50% of my effort before
he'd done
anything himself didn't make sense to me.
So I said look, let's get to like 100k revenue which sounds ridiculous before
we discuss
equity.
And there was like a trust between both of us and you know we got to 100k
revenue and
then we sorted out the equity part.
And yeah, now the reason we did that is because it's important to not get
trapped like a
lot of co-founders change off the money like things get really complicated.
So it's important to have that level of trust and prove yourself to each other.
So here are some things to look for in a founding equity based engineer.
They should be clearly competent, they should be extremely smart.
They match their intensity and objectives like they're not just sitting around
waiting
or they're not well they're like on bulb it or they're not really motivated.
You don't want someone like that.
You don't want to hand hold someone.
You want someone that's like okay I'm going to fucking code this in a week and
then you're
going to like you as the marketer are going to be like okay I'm going to do
this strategy
for Reddit.
I'm going to do this, this, this and like you're both matching each other's
intensity that
reduces the friction and the struggle.
Whereas like if someone else like if they are for example pulling the pulling
the weight
and you're not you know like it's not going to be successful long term.
They should also be willing to sacrifice time and money for an unproven product
.
They should kind of know what they're getting into.
You know you should explain or emphasize that it's going to be long and hard
for a long
time.
Well that depends on how successful your marketing is but usually in most cases
it's long and
hard and there's no results and then you get like one result and then it gets
to 10
and then boom like you've got a booming business but like there is a big gap of
time between
that could be months like several, several months so just make sure you both
understand
that.
So there's like timesides again there is opportunity cost as a good developer
to waste
your time on a project that's uncertain he's not getting money from so and then
on that
note it's better to find an engineer that's younger rather than older because
if they're
older they have financial responsibilities like paying for rent or maybe
providing for
kids or whatever so they will be less inclined to work on an unproven product
rather than
someone that's young and hungry that's in school that doesn't need to be you
know earning
money right.
Wow they should also have high agency and like if they fuck up they admit they
fucked
up and like they make the right steps to correct that fuck up and don't just
blame other people
blame you or whatever.
You should also invite with them, you should just be generally friends and
another bonus
benefit is like if you have the same goals as someone you work with like me and
Connor
my co-founder and Twitter we have the same goals we want the same things so it
's really
easy to vibe with and like understand each other whereas like for example like
maybe
someone super materialistic but someone isn't and then like yeah then the
objectives or
goals or whatever are misaligned and you know that causes friction so it's not
that complex
to be honest and I want to emphasize like you don't want to just feel like you
don't
just want to find someone super technical you want to find someone that's
technical and
you're vibe with and I'd like kind of prioritize the person you vibe with over
just being super
technical because you know the struggles of building and growing a business are
very
tough and it's super important to share that pain and like and that growth
together rather
than suffering silently and you just have a fucking coding robot doing it like
doing
what he's told you know what I mean like you want to have conversations and
stuff like
that but yeah that's pretty much how to do it from an equity standpoint I hope
I covered
all bases there.
There's another option which is crack devs which is one of our partners you can
hire their
team and they will build you an MVP for around 5k and then there are some like
maintenance
on top of that if you choose but they are very solid and I highly recommend
them just
say you came from at mafia and they will give you a bit of a discount but yeah
that's also
an upper option but again as I said you know it's it's less fun less exciting
and I think
the journey should prioritize being fun because if you have fun while doing it
it doesn't
feel like work so that's my point on hiring developer.
Hope that helps.